From Hollywood, California at NerdMelt Comics
in the Meltdown Theater of the meltiest comic bookstore
where the downs are melted.
Harmontown is now in session.
Wow, we...
We got a real crowd in our hands.
Let's get Spencer Crittenden out here.
Spencer!
How about the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Very, very, very, very nice people.
This is a boisterous crowd we have here tonight.
They're supportive.
And therefore, they're good.
It's called Conditional Love.
Alright, so, I don't have a lot to talk about.
Although, there is one thing that I was having a conversation on Twitter
that I keep realizing, I never bring this up.
Do you remember a long, long time ago
in an episode called I Make a Five Stars?
I told that story about the guy.
I got dropped off by an Uber guy.
And I was like, thank you very much.
And he goes, I make a five stars.
And I was like, that was so weird.
He's like a little Mario character.
And then this happened a long time ago,
but I keep on, you know, my brain, as you get older,
you know, it just becomes a bucket with no bottom.
It's just like a tube where you kind of feel things
as it goes through.
And you don't remember a lot.
So, I totally forgot that I never shared this with you guys,
that I got dropped off a second time.
And, hey, how you doing?
You've been like a million years since you've been here.
Carlos, Jesus.
Jesus.
I'm not racist.
No.
It's just been that long.
I'm intuitive. I'm not racist.
Carlos, Jesus.
Charlie Jesus is here tonight, everybody.
I am nomenclaturely racist.
I was like, Carlos, Jesus, what's the difference?
Yeah, I'll cop to that.
I will not cop to what that sounded like,
like I looked at his face and was like,
it's either Carlos or Jesus, right?
Anyways, where was I?
Oh, I got dropped off by another Uber driver.
Yeah, by a different guy.
And he had his phone on like a holder.
Good night, folks.
Forget it.
It was like, you know, it was mounted on the dash.
And so at this time I saw, and he said the same thing.
He goes, I remember now, he was dropping off at the airport
and he goes, thank you very much.
I make five stars.
And as he said it, he gave me five stars on his app.
Oh.
I make a five stars.
It wasn't like Luigi going, I make a five stars.
It was like, I make a five stars for you.
I make a pizza.
I make a sandwich.
For you, I make a five stars.
For me, you make a five stars.
It was like a beauty.
Yeah.
Now it all of a sudden made sense.
All right.
I had a guy last night say literally,
now please give me five stars.
Like he just said it straight up.
You got to admire the, I don't know if I should call it naivete.
Like the star system, how is this working?
Like you got to admire the pluck because of the people
who actually are like, you know what?
I have been told to value the stars.
That that is like a sub currency.
And I will, oh my God, it's already 9-11.
We didn't, it's, I mean.
No, guys, we fell back a tower last night.
I don't know.
It's not, yes, you're right.
No, I agree with you.
It stops being funny when it stops being about the number
and about the significance of it.
Whenever it becomes anything specific, it's like gross.
I would deserve it if someone stood up and said,
my dad died an hour ago.
So anyways, so, wait, what were you talking about?
Make a five stars.
No, no, no.
We were done with that, but.
Have we moved on?
Have we?
I think, did we move on?
Well, no, you were talking about the pluck of people obsessed.
Oh, the star system.
The star system.
What is that?
I don't get it.
Why do I have 4.8 stars?
I'll tell you why.
Because obviously you can't, you can never trump capitalism.
This is the problem.
I agree.
We need a star system.
We need Yelp for people.
I wouldn't even kick that thing out of bed.
The meow meow being saying, because what we need is a moral code.
We need like a fucking Jedi code so that money can just be about money.
Like if you want a bigger car, if you want to get to work faster, if you want your shoes
to be made out of licorice, I don't know a lot about luxury.
I see how you connect those dots.
Then you use this thing called money, and that's like a thing that you use as a medium
of exchange.
Most of those freemium games have two forms of currency.
They're using it to fuck you over, because if you had just had one, you could figure
out how to funnel it all into one, and you could beat the whole system.
Capitalism is based on one form of currency, which is the dollar.
You introduce these stars, here's the problem.
So these guys, they're told you're not supposed to accept tips, right?
But somebody's tipping them, and that's why they keep getting out and like wanting to
open the door, because that's when they get the tip.
Somebody's tipping them.
And that's why I have 4.8 stars.
I use lift, and they never get out of the car to open the door.
I want to talk to you about lift.
We're talking in circles.
But a lot of lift drivers are also Uber drivers.
They all have this Uber sticker in their window.
They're all moonlight.
And it's all unregulated and dangerous?
I have a question, Dan.
Did you go out last night for Halloween, and I know your back has been hurting you.
You did a show last night, right?
Yeah, I did a show last night.
I went to a show, but I drove through West Hollywood.
I saw a lot of people dressed up.
There were a million people dressed up as bananas last night.
Did anybody else?
I saw groups of bananas, like a bunch of bananas walking around.
Which I go, okay, there are a bunch of bananas.
But also, I saw a bunch of singular bananas all night long.
I thought you were going to say cops.
I was blown away, no pun intended, by how many fucking fake...
All right, you know what?
Fuck you pun intended.
Suck on it.
Good pun.
Here's some other things I intended.
Community, Rick and Morty.
Go fuck yourself.
And that pun.
Three, my trilogy.
It's your legacy.
George Lucas without a cause.
But no, I saw so many drunk, not real cops.
Like, fratty dudes just like, this will be a fun costume.
I'm not saying you're a bad person for picking a costume.
I'm just like, are you insane?
Like, there are shooting people for carrying towels on not Halloween.
Like, you are dressed as a fucking cop with a gun on your head.
But are they going with the safest costume of all time?
You think the cops are just like, oh, he's fine.
No, I mean, this happened a couple of Halloween's ago.
There was that party.
And like, there was a fracas or something happened.
The neighbors called the police.
The cops came to the door.
One of the guys in the party was dressed as a cop, had a gun, was like, you know,
I'll take care of this or whatever.
And the cops are like, bang, boom, bang, boom, boom, boom, boom.
I don't mean to glorify it.
Boom, boom, boom, bang, bang.
The hammer, the trigger, everybody's bigger than life.
Yeah, you applauded my choice of rhyme.
Now who's racist?
Yeah, I just thought, because I was like, I barely went out in public
and I encountered so many dudes.
There was one guy that was outside the silent movie theater.
I was like talking to some guys and a window rolled down
and a guy went, hey, guys.
And looked over and it was like a, just looked like a, you know,
like Michael Sarah dressed as a cop.
Like just a young looking guy.
I was just dressed as a guy.
I was like, hey, you're in arrest for partying.
Where's the party?
Was it Andy Dick?
It was like, he was just out of his mind and he was wearing a badge
that said, you know, the Pee Wee Academy.
But you know, I bet he had a, I'm just saying like, holy shit, man.
Also, I went to the Hollywood Bowl last night
to see the Danny Elfin Nightmare Before Christmas thingy.
Did anybody go to that?
Nope.
It's going on right now. I think they did it two nights.
So get over there.
And one of the things, I was pretty surprised.
Yeah, you saw a lot of Jack Skellington's and Sally's,
but there was more Beetlejuices than anybody else.
There was a lot of Beetlejuices at the Nightmare Before Christmas.
That was pretty funny.
It's like guys that were a little too old
were kind enough to be Jack Skellington.
I used to be Jack Skellington like five years ago, man,
but now it's like...
That's a hard one to pull off. He's pretty thin.
He's a Skellington.
I met Danny Elfin.
Oh yeah, did you?
Yeah. The end.
He was very nice.
What kind of party was it? Did you have to leave your body at the door?
I did, but the thing was...
Can we get a camera on this guy?
Find your cameras, Dan. Find your camera.
He sang the song.
He sang all the Jack Skellington parts throughout the...
The orchestra played to the movie.
And Pee-wee Herman came out, and Catherine O'Hara came out,
and Greg Prips was there, which is why I got together.
And they all sang their bit from the movie.
And at the end, he came out with a guitar on,
and everybody flipped out, and he goes,
I said I would never do this.
It's been 20 years since I played this to the day.
And he was like, I was never going to sing this fucking song again.
And he sang Dead Men's Party, and it got off to kind of a rocky start.
Does anyone know why he would make a promise like that?
I think he was like sick of that.
I got the impression that song was he was sick of playing it.
On Halloween, especially probably.
I get sick of stuff, but I don't always go like,
like, here I go again.
I'm honest, I'd never jerk off in this position.
I swore it!
You're welcome. I have returned.
One knee.
Edge of the bed. Lampshade.
You knew on one knee?
I promised I would never would.
Since the 1989 disc slip.
When you said that you were a kneeler, when you jerk off,
I always thought you were like in a very supplicant, both knees, you know.
Yeah, I am. Hail Mary for the grace kind of thing.
I painted myself into a corner about like,
how many positions could you jerk off?
And which one would you get tired of and then return?
So now I'm pitching you in a full T-bow, you know, on one knee.
Yeah.
Yeah, that takes too much time.
See, that's why you subscribed to the show,
so you can see that visual company.
Yeah, for those of you listening to the free podcast.
$5 buys you the worst visual of your life.
I jerky-afflected.
You can figure it out.
Alright, so, I know.
Spencer, did you dress up last night?
Did you do anything for Halloween?
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Do you ever dress up for Halloween?
Not often. I don't do much.
What was the last Halloween costume that you can recall that you wore?
Uh...
I don't know.
This seems like a painful place for you.
Yeah, well, it was like my whole life it's been all like,
oh, I guess like, no one's doing anything this Halloween.
I guess I'm not gonna do anything, and then I find out everyone's doing anything.
But, you know, these days I'm so popular that I'm like,
oh, no one invited me to anything, and then it's like 12.30,
and I see there's like five Facebook invitations that I just never saw,
and I was like, oh, I guess I was invited.
This is a completely, it feels exactly the same as not having been invited.
Yeah.
So, I guess it's not my fault.
If you had seen the invitations like six days ago, would you have tried to...
I would have been like, ah, great, this is awesome.
And then I would have been in the exact same position at 12.30 p.m. that night.
They just slide right off like a duck's fat.
What if the duck's fat is sliding off of ducks?
Yeah, you know when you're searing duck meat in the pan and the fat just slides right off?
Right.
Of the pan?
No, off of the duck.
Who is the duck in this metaphor?
Well, I mean, I guess I would be the duck, and then the fat would...
No, my memory would be the duck, and then the fat would be the invitations sliding out of my memory.
And into the pan of...
Of regret.
Disappointment, yeah.
So the flame is Halloween.
Well, I think the flame is the warmth of other people, and, you know...
That's only on because that's sentimental sounding, it still doesn't scan.
Yeah, no, the warmth of other people is a catalyst that renders his fat.
Yeah.
But I'm always wearing the... I'm always wearing the oven mitt of detachment and fear.
So this is kind of...
You know, you have to get one of those...
It's the...
It's a giant over-the-range vent of child abuse.
The fume hood of abuse.
Yeah.
It sucks everything right out of the house.
Including the vapors of parental mistrust, or...
Everything.
The stench of drug abuse.
Nothing's ever happening in your kitchen.
It's just like...
Trust no one.
And you'll never get hurt.
What would, like, if you had a spatula, what would that be?
Could it be the spatula of rearranged priorities?
All right, one bit.
All right.
I was high with Dino, and it came up with a bit.
These are always good.
I think... I can't remember how it came about.
It shouldn't be important, right?
Small talk pizza.
It was an idea for a pizza place.
It's called small talk pizza.
But it's... after the apocalypse, like, there's these places.
Like, the only... you know, like, you ever see, like, or read or see a boy and his dog, like, kind of post-apocalypse,
where it's just, like, everything's just a wasteland,
and all anybody wants to do is create, like, a semblance of the old world,
but they just have, like, tents where they're showing, like, porn movies for a piece of aluminum,
and, like, everything's just sad, and everyone's sterile, and just, like, dying of cancer.
So, like, in that world, in that post-apocalyptic wasteland,
I think, like, there could be one franchise that would be popular with everybody.
It would be called small talk pizza.
Everyone would respect it.
It would be, like, a place where you put all your guns down when you go in,
and, like, while you're in there, you can't acknowledge that the apocalypse happened.
You can't acknowledge that the stakes have ever been higher than the weather,
or, like, you know, I'm in touch with the wife, you know?
And it's just, that's what's for sale.
The pizza's got, like, maggots on it, but it's just, like, it's called small talk pizza,
and it's, like, people are, like, man, I can't wait to get to this.
They're, like, oases in the post-apocalypse.
I want to get to the next small talk pizza, and then people, everyone, just role plays,
pretending that there's a different world outside the pizza place,
and then eventually they can't, they don't have any more aluminum to pay,
and then they get kicked out, and they get shot,
and they get turned into more pizza, probably, in the maggot farms.
I learned that from that Mad Max game, maggot farms.
Um, all right.
I don't want to work on maggot farms anymore.
All right, one more thing.
What? Wait, I didn't get that one.
It's a really awesome reference.
It's way above you, man.
Okay, good.
You heard those applause. Those were smart people applause.
It's like an NPR level of a funny bone.
A very sophisticated, vigorous clap from eight people.
All right, yes, no, he did paint Starry Night.
Um, the, uh, this is just making fun of somebody, but it's a beloved somebody.
Like, I was, I was with Dino, I was hanging out with my ex-girlfriend, I.O.,
who some people like, like, like, like, like will know, like, she's like kind of the basis
for Britta from community and the, like, the aspects of her that sort of like.
She speaks in yogi-beraism.
She's like, she gets a lot of shit wrong, like, like.
But it ends up making a weird kind of logical sense in a, in a, in a very wrong.
Politically, Britta is just me.
Like, she just wants all the rich people to burn.
Like, for instance, a long time ago, she's in a band and she said,
hey, guys, my band's playing tomorrow night.
You should all come.
And I said, what time do you go on?
Between 7.30, 9 o'clock sharp.
Yeah.
And then sometimes she'll say stuff that like, actually, actually like,
actually kind of trumps the, the idiom.
Like, she was talking about somebody that lost their enthusiasm.
He has them as like, man, he's been through all these experiences and he almost got this.
And then, and then it got taken away from him.
It just took the sales right off his boat.
Like, actually, that's better.
Yeah.
That's, that's worse than the wind out of your sail.
That's trivializing.
The wind changes.
Like, you know.
The wind might come back.
You got no sales.
You're fucking doomed.
Her father was like, like, like, her parents are separated.
Her father was like on the string of, you know, he's kind of a senior citizen.
And he's like, oh, he's just dating this girl and he's dating that girl.
I mean, he's a real Don Quixote.
Yeah.
She met Don Juan.
Yeah, yeah.
So, so like, so a couple of nights, whenever we were hanging out, like,
I had to write it down because we found out, because we were talking about her grandma.
And I was like, when I was, when I was dating her years and years and years ago,
I was like, oh, I remember your grandma.
We picked you up from the airport.
And we, you know, she, she was already starting to succumb to dementia.
So she grabbed someone else's suitcase.
We didn't know that until I like, clipped the lock on it and like, pulled it open.
There's a black family scuba diving in a photo.
And it's like, we got to go back to LAX.
The, we were just talking about that story.
And it was funny.
And, and, and, and like, she's like, that grandma has passed.
And, and, and then I, I know who loved her grandma very much.
She's like, she's like, you know, she's gone now that she, and I was like, yeah,
she lived, she lived for a long time, mission accomplished.
She's like, yeah, yeah.
But still, I mean, yeah, good riddance grandma.
And we were like, wait, what?
This is like, what?
I love my grandma.
I don't think we should joke around about her.
I was like, you, what, no, what did you just say?
You said good riddance grandma.
She's like, yeah, I loved her.
Like, like, like, like, it's like, I hope she has a good, good, good time.
And like, wherever she is, it's like.
Good riddance to bad boobies.
Good riddance.
Bad to explain.
That's not what that means.
She thought it was like, good riddance.
It's like, for my homies, you know, like, good, good riddance.
Like, like, like, you've been, you've been rid of existence and.
And good on you.
It's funny because it's like, it's like, yeah, well, why do, you know,
why, why wouldn't good riddance mean that?
I mean, it doesn't, it's arbitrary.
It's just funny that it was like, how did she avoid that?
All right.
Yeah, my chiropractor fucked up my back.
I couldn't go to the Minecraft creators Halloween party.
You know what?
I got it pretty bad.
But I want to know, do you know anything about the Minecraft
for creators Halloween party?
I know.
I mean, dude, that guy, he created Minecraft.
He created Minecraft, which I've been playing for my whole life.
And he lives in LA now.
And he like, what he bought, I don't know how much,
I don't want to scare him off if he likes his privacy or whatever.
I talked to him on Twitter.
So I don't want to, I don't want to fuck up the friendship.
But I think it's a matter of public record that like,
when he moved to LA, he, he fucking like, outbid Jay-Z on a house.
It was like, and, and, and like, you can look up the house and there's a YouTube video.
It's like, like, like when, when houses get to a certain level,
there's like a video for the house that's like,
like Christopher Nolan shot it.
But like, like, like I got crew and it's like, and it's, and no shame
because it's like, oh, you're paying this much money for a house.
The reason you're going to do, it's like, you click on this YouTube video
and it's like, like, like, like a sports car pulls up
and two women who are clearly professional escorts get out of the car.
Like a Lamborghini and they just walk into the house,
but they don't live there. They clearly do not live there.
And so the insinuations are already crazy.
Looks like that they're just like, oh, here we are.
Like that's always like, yeah, I mean, we're not saying these women come with the house,
but let's face it, this house will bring these women to your door
and a Lamborghini, they'll just be, their ways will tell them like,
is this guy kind of like, is he kind of dashing figure?
No, no, no, he's not. He's a nerd, you know, but, but he's a bazillionaire.
And so, and, and, and, but the house is just insane.
Is this money all just that one game or is he, is he have a budget?
Yeah, basically. I mean, it's like he, he saw it because he created a game
and like sold a subscription to it, dealt honestly with the marketplace
and said, all you have to do ever once in your life.
Like I've put a total of $20 into Minecraft or whatever it is because I got an,
you get an account that licenses you to keep playing the game as it develops.
Now it's done developing, but my, I still get to play the game
and everyone gets to mod it, you know, whatever.
I'll do it on a different podcast.
He sold the game to Microsoft.
Right. The game is now bought by Microsoft.
The fucking, they're making a movie at Warner Brothers.
It's like he himself can't even keep track of like, of what's going on.
You know, I, I, I like, I tweeted him after I came out of a like Warner Brothers meeting.
I was like, man, do you know who's making this movie and what they're talking about?
He's like, nope. I don't know. Fuck you.
I just, I'm just, I've got to go.
Jay-Z's trying to get onto the compound.
He's stacking a thousand dollar bills and trying to get Beyonce to like lift him over the gate
because he wants to kiss my garage, but I won't let him.
I would just sneak in the back of one of those Lamborghinis. Those girls are driving.
Yeah. You could definitely like easily fit an adult male in one of their cleavages.
You could have just like kangarooed in there, taken a bottle of wine and bought a normal sized house downhill.
Anyways, let's bring out our guests.
My God, what an important guest we have tonight.
I would, is national treasure too high-flown to describe our next guest?
Yeah.
But I still feel like, you know, we're entertainers. We work in the entertainment industry,
whether we like it or not, Dan and Spencer.
And I think there's a rule of entertainment that says give the people what they want.
Yes. Yes, no, it's true.
Whether they think they deserve it or not, whether they actually want it or not.
No, most people want it, you know, and I've been honest about the fact that I don't.
I don't like this person.
I've known him long enough to make that decision, you know, and there's a peace to that, you know?
Like, I don't like you. I don't like you. You're a bad person.
You're immature and you're selfish.
And then, but then he says, you know, that's you.
But let's just talk to him about...
Bring him out, William H. Macy.
Please welcome director, writer, artist, close horse...
Close horse!
Holocaust denier, Rob Schrab!
Oh, shit!
The camera likes it if you sit there.
What's that?
It's a better stage picture.
How you doing, Dan? Yo?
Hey, everybody, I'm back.
Don't get excited.
I was away for a while and I don't always listen to the episodes.
I snuck in while you were gone!
And I got to say, I listened to that one because there was such a media sensation.
And it was really good.
I loved it.
You and Spencer should have a spin-off.
Oh, man, okay.
Make it happen.
Make it happen!
So what's going on in the Lego movie?
Oh, top secret!
Can't end a movie with Will Ferrell coming downstairs and going,
they're all Legos!
What the fuck are you going to do in the sequel?
Well, the sequel all takes place in reality.
We have...
Will Ferrell is just like, you know something, let's get to know each other.
You know, it's just seeing, like, you play with this stuff.
It's like, why are we in this basement here?
Let's go on a trip and they get in the car and they're driving, driving, driving, driving, driving.
Flat tire.
It's like 12 minutes in.
And then they walk into...
They go, wow, maybe there's more tires over here.
This is actual dialogue that we're working with.
Are these all people that already have a...
We all know they love Legos?
They're actually not called Legos.
In this one?
No, no, ever.
You know, Lego is...
Because I got corrected and I'm trying to remind myself not to say it.
You're shaking your head.
He's nodding.
Okay, well, can you explain?
Can you explain to the...
They are Lego.
No, they're Lego bricks.
Right.
Jesus knows because he works at SpaceX and Elon Musk doesn't like it being acknowledged that the ships are made of Legos.
Lego.
There's a hard and fast rule there.
You tell these people these are spaceships you do not say they're made of Legos.
They're going to the forest to find another tire.
But you don't say Legos, they're totally just a Lego.
It's just Lego.
That guy's a Lego guy.
Yeah.
Right, not a Legos.
We don't play Legos.
We play with Lego.
Right.
You play with Lego bricks.
That's something that they get really like, because when I was pitching myself as the director, I was like,
you know, I play with Legos my whole life and they're like...
And they're like, Phil and Chris are Lego.
Don't hate that.
Do Legos come from...
That's like...
Do they come from Scandinavia?
Legos.
Do they come from like a European country?
Who makes Lego?
They're Danish.
Danish?
Yeah.
Are all the people in the room like Danish people?
They're all like...
Yeah.
No, no, no, no.
Well, no, there's people from Lego that work...
I like what a fanciful idea you have about the Danish.
So fancy.
Yeah.
They got big gloves.
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
Oh!
You're eating croissants.
Yes.
Our croissants are crazy.
The croissants...
Is it true?
What about this photo everyone keeps talking about?
About...
The Loch Ness Monster?
No, well, they...
Let me guess, let me guess.
The guy that invented Legos...
Hamilton...
Hamilton Legos...
Hamilton J. Legos...
Shaking hands with Hitler and they're smiling and they're...
You're making this up.
Okay, so...
So Paige...
Paige trying to...
Well, that's why I asked.
Trying to ruin my career.
That's why I asked.
No, I'm not a scientist.
I hear rumors and then I just re-tweet them.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, okay.
So page 12, they're looking for...
They're looking for tires.
And we dissolve.
It's a time thing.
And Will Ferrell is like...
His shirt's been torn and he's got his tie wrapped around his head to collect sweat.
And he's chopping through the underbrush.
The underbrush is everywhere.
There's underbrush...
At the tire place?
No, they haven't found the tire place.
That's what they're doing, okay?
Okay, they're looking for tires.
They have to chop through the underbrush.
You know this.
This is, you know, part of the story structure.
Underbrush, underbrush.
And then he turns around and he's like,
Hey, hey, I found some tires.
He turns around.
The boy's gone.
The boy is gone.
Oh, the boy, the Lego boy.
You got tired of that.
He went back to the car.
Was it just him and the boy?
Were there more people in their party?
Or was it just him and the boy?
Have you seen the movie?
No.
Oh, my God.
This isn't a movie that hasn't been made yet.
No, the first movie.
No, okay.
So it's just him and the boy.
In the first movie?
At the end of the first movie, it's just him and the boy?
Yes, there's him and the boy.
Okay.
Are those the only two characters that get into the car?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's the only one we care about, right?
Right?
Okay.
Yeah.
You don't want to violate ten.
Okay.
So anyway, let me back up.
So he's chopping through the underbrush.
Back up.
Chopping through the underbrush.
We got that.
And he's got the tire.
And he's got his shirt wrapped around his pants and girls.
It's so sexy.
It's so great.
And he's chopping through the underbrush, up underbrush.
And he goes, hey, I found the tires.
And he turns around.
The boy's gone.
The boy got sick of it.
He's waiting back in the car.
Okay.
Do we know that we cut back to the boy in the car?
Yeah.
We do a hard cut.
Okay.
Do a hard cut.
Because no dissolves or anything like that.
There's no wipes or anything.
Is this page 25?
Here's page.
Hard cut.
It's like about 25, 26.
Yeah.
25.
Okay.
So this is the crossing of the threshold.
Yeah.
Anyway, the kid's screwing around.
You know, he's like...
You know, you're like humming it to him like this.
And it sounds kind of Danish.
Well, it's not Danish.
It's set in America.
It's set in 2007.
And so that'll come back.
That'll come back.
And he's kicking his leg like I do.
We did that in Milwaukee a couple of times.
Hits the brake of the car.
Okay.
So now it's extra stop.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
You think that.
But then it comes back.
It starts rolling down the hill.
Right.
Toggle brake.
Rolling down the hill.
It starts rolling down the hill.
He dislodged the brake.
The emergency brake.
Yeah.
Emergency brake.
Gotcha.
And now he's rolling down the hill.
Rolling down the hill.
Away from the end of the bridge.
Will Ferrell left his car parked on a hill in neutral?
Yeah.
Does the pop tire affect the rolling of the car down the hill?
What's that?
Does that flat tire?
No, no, no.
You should see the shape of this hill.
Okay.
Yeah.
That'd be cool though.
If the car had both all four tires working, it would have clearly just rolled into a
nice soft embankment.
Yeah.
But the one pop tire makes you in a dark, scary pattern.
Because it's doing like that.
It's fishtailing.
I feel like he just stole it.
All right.
Well, you can check the date on the document.
So that's all I'm going to give you, but I think we already know.
All right.
LEGO 2.
There we go.
Thanks for the scoop.
Now actually, for real, for real, I'm talking to the BBC on Thursday.
About what?
Oh, I don't know.
Wait, what do you mean?
There's a certain character that the BBC owns.
And they're asking me, would it be possible?
Doctor Who?
You only do fancy eyebrow lifting if there's a Doctor Who character.
I don't know what you're talking about.
That's a crazy leak that you just leaked.
He just told us the first 26 pages of the movie.
Yeah.
Do you know how sued I'm going to get?
All right.
I'm getting so sued, man, but I can afford it.
Fuckin' money.
Money's like shit to me.
I just throw it out the window.
Like shit.
Right before he had any money, he used to just throw shit out the window all the time.
Yeah, I don't give a fuck about crime.
Sanitation?
Yeah.
Just throw it.
What's this?
Hurling poop at people.
But now you can afford to not get poop all over your hands.
You can just throw money at people.
People pay me not to do that.
That's a good racket.
Do something obnoxious until they go, listen, here's five bucks.
Will you please stop throwing shit out the window?
I'm mowing the lawn here.
Babies are doing hopscotch and there's shit all over my lawn.
You remember that show Real People?
Yeah, with Skip Stevenson, Rick O'Casey, Fran Tarkington, Lynn Campbell.
Gordon Lightfoot.
The crack of the 80s.
Fred Willard was in it.
That was the first time I saw Fred Willard.
That's true, yeah.
They would do little human interest pieces like this guy's lost his leg, but now he's
got a plastic leg and he can still jump around.
This guy's so Chinese, fish love him.
Classic Real People.
It sounds racist, but that was the story.
Am I combining Fran Tarkington?
Who isn't that incredible and who isn't Real People?
Fran Tarkington wasn't that incredible.
Jim Davis, the creator of Garfield.
That's incredible.
Had the severe edge.
This guy's going to lock himself in a cabinet with a Rubik's Cube and he might suffocate.
That's incredible.
And then Real People was like, Real People, this guy's got a flag for underwear.
That's what it was.
So one of the guys on Real People was, he lived in a lighthouse.
Skip Stevenson.
No, that was one of the hosts of the show.
He didn't live in a room.
Yes, I was agreeing with him.
One of the people, the real people that they did the show about, a guy lived in a lighthouse
and then there was a whole segment, or just remember, they talked about like,
but where do you go to the bathroom?
You live all the way up on this lighthouse.
Do you have to run down every time?
And he goes like, well, we have a system for that.
And then they showed this montage of bags full of pee sliding down a fishing line from
a top window and then exploding against a tree trunk.
And just like piss hitting the camera.
And I was like, well, they put the camera closer.
First of all, why is this broadcast television?
Because this is happening all over the place and no one's celebrating it.
Second of all, how do I join the lighthouse union?
Where do I sign up?
Second of all, drop it out the window.
Window, man.
Too gross to, like you want it to like get out there before it explodes.
You know, we had this discussion about our dogs, our pets, you know,
you got to get that stuff far away from where you live.
If you just drop it, you're going to be walking in that stuff.
But if you throw it on the tree, it's not next to your car or the mailbox.
So this is one tree that just soaked in pee and poo?
It grows like a motherfucker, though.
The limbs are all long and stuff.
The other trees are all jealous going, I want some pee too.
How come he got all the pee?
How come he got no pee?
He's getting all the, what did he do?
The leafy tree gets the pee.
All right.
Well, are you wearing pants?
Are you wearing pants, sir?
I just look down.
Fair question.
You're a duffel bag.
Oh, for Halloween?
November 1st?
That was yesterday.
Can we stand up here?
He looks naked, but he's wearing a duffel bag.
He was dressed like this last week.
Now show us your dick.
Take it out.
What?
I am wearing underwear.
That's a great costume.
That's an awesome costume.
It's inexpensive.
Also, loaded with pockets.
You can carry your wallet in there.
You got your phone, your keys.
You can put your bag of pee in there.
You can do everything you can put on.
Who did you think everybody was like, this is the closest to the Harmontown Halloween
show, so you thought.
Right.
You know what would be cool?
You're probably too young.
Do you have children by any chance?
You're too young.
If you had like a little baby, you'd make them like a fanny pack.
So I put them in the...
Stand up again.
You get kind of like a Will Forte last man thing going on here.
Which is kind of awesome.
How willing are you to just sit up here for the rest of the show?
Okay.
Sit as close as possible to Dan because of the stage picture.
Well, you slide one over because I have a new friend coming up.
I guess that'll be my second one.
What is your name, Duffelbag, man?
Doug.
Doug the Duffelbag.
Yes.
Your name is like this shortened version of Duffelbag.
Does Doug the Duffelbag have an interesting voice?
Like when you're...
What's your mild manner to work a day job?
What do you do when you're not a Duffelbag?
I do freelance PA work and some acting.
Is this the character?
No, no, no.
But when you get into costume, when you take scissors and cut holes in a Duffelbag and put
it on, say, honey, I'm leaving the house.
On day's work, I just don't want to be accessed baggage for anyone.
Oh, nice.
Okay.
So he's got catchphrases.
Oh, man.
He's got catchphrases.
Strap in.
Please.
Let's hear some more, man.
Do five minutes.
Do your whole set.
Actually, for those who are just listening, it does seem to me like you must have tried
this with like a bigger friend.
Like if Steve A.G. was up here, the temptation would be for him to put his arms through.
Yeah.
Like and wear you like Chewbacca in Empire.
Like the straps are...
Do you think that would work?
Have you tried that?
Oh.
Is there the weight of that?
There's nothing bad that's going to happen.
Oh.
I'm flying.
Teach him the force.
That's pretty good.
All right.
Jug the Duffelbag.
That's actually...
This is actually a great costume because if you passed out and you...
Yeah.
And you have a tall friend.
You're a fucking man.
Oh, shit.
Better take...
Better take Doug home.
Oh, that would be amazing.
Just keep the tag on you that has your address and your phone number.
Drop me off.
I need to just drink until you pass out anywhere and the cops just like pick you up.
Put you out.
There should be a system of carousels.
Yeah.
Just don't go to the airport.
Go to the airport at the baggage claim and just hang out.
This whole time we've been thinking the airport sucks because it's so incompatible with real
life we should be turning the whole city into the airport.
If it was all that way, Wiz Khalifa could ride his hoverboard.
Like, there wouldn't be any...
You know, you just...
You have a check TSA checkpoint outside your own front door.
If you're rich, you have the...
Like, you go, hey, Charlie.
And he's like, any weapons, Mr. Harmon?
Charlie, what do you think?
Go on through.
Would have been a 95% failure rate anyway.
And then you just step out and then you're in the concourse of reality in which you are
free to travel the world.
And you are also a bag.
And so everywhere...
Anywhere you lay down, if you just stop moving, you just certainly start moving towards like,
like someone will pick you up and some people could decide to take you home.
All right.
I haven't thought it through, but...
Would airlines be able to fat champion and pay extra if you weigh a lot?
No.
That's illegal.
Yeah.
That would be illegal.
They wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Well, think about the weight loss incentives.
People love money and they love being fat.
So put those two against each other.
Like, they don't do that enough.
You know?
You just go, oh, you're fat, huh?
Must be nice.
What do you mean?
It costs a lot to be so fat.
Oh, yeah, it does.
I should be thinner.
So I can get those miles.
All right.
I actually did that on purpose because otherwise I would have transitioned from high octane hilarity.
Doug, are you saying that nobody...
I'm assuming you wore this last night in Halloween, right?
This guy looks a lot like Justin Roiland.
Let's get him up here.
That's right.
That's a cavalcade of stars.
You kept giving him my periphery and I kept thinking, Justin Roiland...
We have tall Roiland with us right now.
I love it.
Well, this is...
I mean, you own this.
You brought up a guy that looks like a guy.
I didn't ask him.
So, Justin.
That's...
Yes?
My name's Garrett.
I do get the Justin Roiland thing a lot.
Yeah?
What do they say?
Like, no, like...
This is what my podcast would be like.
Oh, you look like somebody I know.
What do they say?
What my podcast is like.
Oh, okay.
What do they say?
What do they say to you?
They go, hey, man, Mr. Meeseeks is a lot like...
Scud the disposable assassin.
What the fuck, man?
Yeah, there was like a guy...
Where are you?
Are you in the crowd?
Somebody came up to me and was like, are you Justin?
What?
And then, yeah.
And then you went, why?
No, I just said no.
I just said no.
Why do you ask?
Try that.
Should I?
With him right now.
And we'll just watch.
Okay.
I texted that photo to Justin.
Is that enough of this guy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But we're done.
We're done here.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you.
So, Doug.
But try the creepy, you know, back of the hand stroking the arm thing, you know.
And let us know how that works out.
Doug, the devil bag.
So you wore this last night?
Or did you have another thing?
I wore this last night.
Did you get any pussy?
Rob, beat me to my follow-up question.
Oh, sorry.
Did you get any pussy?
I used to say that nobody tried to wear you as a backpack last night.
No one tried to wear me as a backpack.
That didn't happen?
I know.
Wow.
All right.
You're hanging around with the wrong people, Doug.
I'd like to bring a special friend up to the stage that we've never met.
So, Jason Pollack, are you here?
I am.
Okay.
Do you have cold feet?
Or are you willing to come up?
I just want to give you...
Yeah.
Are you willing to come up here?
I'd love you to.
He didn't ask to come up.
I'll tell you why I'm pulling him up.
Neither did I.
Come on up, Jason Pollack, and I'll explain.
Hello.
Jason, this is Rob.
Yes, sit there.
So, you guys remember my neighbor, Beth Bootson, the eucalyptus tree lady?
The tumor lady.
Wonderful, wonderful ray of light in my life at this raw time.
She texted me today and said, there's this guy.
He's a friend of my neighbors.
He didn't know they were my neighbors.
He and his mom listened to the show all the time together.
And then he heard my neighbor, his friends, on the podcast.
Am I getting that right?
Is that about the size of it?
Kind of confused.
No, that's right, yeah.
Okay.
It is a little confusing.
But suffice it to say, you texted Beth and Dan at one point and said,
I just heard you on my favorite podcast that I listened to with my mom.
So the thing is, what is that podcast?
Harvard Town.
Don't.
Don't Schrab the guy that...
Could be Daily Groundhouse.
You guys just saw Live Schrabbing.
That's a...
So Beth texted me, this wasn't Jason's idea, but Beth texted me and said,
like, the thing is that Jason's mom is very sick right now.
And they listen to the podcast every week together.
So she's very likely listening now, or now being whenever she listens to it.
I'm not going to assume she subscribes.
But that you guys...
Only $5, lady.
Yeah, what's the big deal?
Yeah.
You guys listen to it all the time together and she's sick right now.
Where is she right now?
Salem, Oregon.
And that's where you're from?
I grew up in Montana and she was there too.
Her parents got divorced and she went to Portland and now it's in Salem.
And you're going to visit her regularly and it's like she's sick.
I don't even know the details.
Do you want to talk about it?
Yeah, just autoimmune stuff, which kind of leads to a whole cascade of issues.
And you guys, since she's become sick, have been listening to the podcast as a...
Yeah, so I actually saw the movie first.
That's how I got in the podcast and then sent it to her.
Not knowing if she...
Not like you don't send Harmontown to your mom?
I think it's normal.
Yeah, why would anyone's mom like me and why would anyone have this relationship with their mom?
Yeah, I think...
I don't know, when you're sick it kind of forces you to just be more raw and honest about shit.
And I felt that in the movie and podcast and sent it to her and then she just...
She like, flipped out, loved it.
It's just become like a fun thing to talk about and share.
What's her name?
Renee?
Renee.
Hello, Renee.
So was your relationship with your mom...
Are you just one of these people that I can't relate to at all that just had always an unconditional, nice, healthy partnership with your mom the whole time?
Or has the sickness transformed as you might have implied a second ago?
I wouldn't say it wasn't all rosy and perfect that way, but I think she's always a good loving mom trying to love and fucking up and doing it good.
No crazy distance or anything like that.
But yeah, just getting sick has definitely transformed that.
Everything all of a sudden is like...
Yeah, yeah, and just more honest conversations and more conversations.
Who is it?
Is it me?
It's probably you.
There's shame in autoimmune diseases because I always hear people with them, they say I have an autoimmune disease.
They never specify what it is.
So is like their confusion or is their overlap or what's the deal with that?
Is it just that they're all obscure and it doesn't bear mentioning?
Yeah, I feel there's kind of like a stigma of...
It doesn't seem to get as much sympathy as like a cancer or something that's...
Right.
And I don't know why.
A friend of mine has lupus, so that's an autoimmune disease, right?
Yeah.
So it's different than that.
There's many kinds of autoimmune disorders and stuff.
Yeah, there is.
So what is that?
Like your white blood cells are just going away or what's happening?
I asked her to text me today like a list of everything.
So she's hospitalized right now?
She's not hospitalized right now.
Like two years ago she was in critical care and didn't know if she'd kind of come back online.
But yeah, just it's no energy if anything, she gets a cold or anything bumps her immune system.
Like her reaction to it's really, really bad and severe.
It takes a little longer to recover.
Just no energy.
Who is it that you talk to that tells you...
Like you're talking to doctors, she's talking to doctors and what the...
It's all so shrouded in like vagaries.
Like are they always scratching their head?
Yeah, it was... there were years where...
Because when you talk to anybody, I feel like one of the first questions you ask is how are you?
And it was like a year ago, I think I just told her like I don't want to ask that anymore.
Which you feel so guilty, right?
Like especially to your parent.
But yeah, just like every time.
Like well, they think it's this and now it might be this.
And it's all kind of interconnected.
So for several years now, just like every time we talk, there's kind of a new idea.
Like a new hope, a new problem.
It always just seems kind of...
So they're just kind of chasing the symptoms of what's going on because the immunity is low.
But they can't get to the bottom of the original cause.
Is there anything, because for me it's like I have this wall in front of me.
I'm more comfortable saying things into a microphone and a podcast in front of strangers.
Like I have no relationship with my family.
And when one of them gets sick, everything's going to go lateral.
I have no idea how.
Erin spent our marriage warning me about that.
She lost her mom at 17 and she's like, you know, she wasn't being mean about it.
She's just like, you have no idea how fucked you are.
Like you have no method of dealing with this stuff.
And it's going to hit you like you're not dealing with it.
Call your fucking dad at his birthday.
She wasn't mean about it. She was trying to help me.
Like for me, it's like it's ironically easier to talk into a microphone to strangers
than it is to talk to people.
And I was wondering like, is there anything knowing that your mom is listening to her favorite podcast, her favorite?
What is your mom's favorite podcast?
This is her favorite one. She's not subscribed to it.
Is there anything that is easier to say when you're not standing next to her?
Like sharing this channel? I don't know. I thought that would be...
No.
Mom, there's $400,000 worth of Nazi Deutschmarks in the floorboards in the Piedoter.
Renee, if you're listening, what we're going to do to send our blessings and stuff,
we're going to fill Doug's duffel bag with gifts.
We're going to mail him to Salem, Oregon.
Well, here's what I thought we really could do, because there should be an upside...
We're going to fill him up with Toblerone chocolates.
The downside with the medical industry when they can't figure out what pill to prescribe
and what to diagnose it as and what's going on and what to radiate and all this stuff,
the downside is Jesus Christ, what the fuck is going on and when do I know and all this stuff,
the upside should be that uncertainty can be our friend because within that uncertainty
we can make things possible.
Not to be corny, but if we just as egomaniacs who love our own podcast
and who admire this person for listening to a podcast or son listens to,
we all want to be proven right, we all want to be proven that our podcast has power
and that we're good people and whether it comes to anything or not,
I just want to ritualistically, for one moment, like Renee, close your eyes,
open the force fields for one second while the bad things aren't looking, they're napping,
open up wide and we're going to flood your system with good energy.
Everybody right now within the sound of my voice, Duncan Trussell couldn't be here,
he'd do this better.
Everybody beam like all of your fucking like shitty ego driven feelings of pride
and ego and stuff and like thrust them out into space where they turn into laser beams
and then you shoot across the sky to Renee because when you love yourself
and want yourself to be right and want your favorite band to be the best band,
all that stuff is good energy, all you have to do is like just send it to somebody
who needs it right now more than anybody and so that's what I'm doing.
My beam is stronger than everyone's.
Renee, we are all light.
I'm so tempted to put a rap beat on it and see how you deal with this.
Well, we'll do that in a second.
Please don't fuck Renee in a rap right now.
We want you to recognize that yes, everyone's a beam of light,
so you would think it was all kind of cohesive but there is one strong stripe of light
that represents of course me and in my special light.
Are you claiming stronger light beams right now?
You know, in Gremlins you need like a bad guy, you know?
Like, oh, there's Stripe, you know?
He's got a Mohawk.
Renee knows what I'm talking about.
He was called Stripe because of the Mohawk?
Well, he wasn't called Stripe because the word sounded neat.
Okay, well, I never connected that.
Did you Stripe also have Stripes kind of on him too?
Wasn't he kind of Stripey?
He would like that diagonal like he was in jail, like a hamburger?
No, you fucking dimwits.
He had a fucking Stripe.
I fucking hate all of you.
Your piece is a shit and you don't pay attention to Gremlins.
Renee, you're feeling your immune system is responding positively.
Oh, I told this lady to lower her defenses and you just made me send toxins into the fucking...
You assholes.
Now she has Gremlin hatred in her body.
Very sorry.
I just was asking her a question.
Anyways, God bless you Renee.
Thank you so much for having an open-minded relationship with your son
where you share in the same things and I'm so sorry that things are going bad for you
and like we are all right now in Los Angeles because believe me,
we have nothing better to do with our spirits.
We're sending them all to you and they're going into the middle of your forehead
where there is a little tiny dent that you can't see
and it's going through your pineal gland to the base of your skull
where there's a stem that has existed since you were a flower
and it's going down and radiating throughout all of your body
and it's saving you because nobody else wants that to happen except for you and us
and like no one's paid any attention to it until now and you're not alone
and we're doing it, we did it if it's mysterious that it's solved.
Right now I'm sending you a better beam than Dan is sending right now.
No, he's talking too much. I'm really concentrating on my beam.
I will admit Renee.
That feeling you're getting right now of complete pleasure and detachment
and like spiritual freedom, that's my beam.
Well, I'm not going to be a dick in Renee's unconscious.
I will admit Renee, Jeff's right, I kind of fucked up my, so I accept that
and that should be more of an example of how healing my energies are
so in a way they're better than Jeff's because they're more acquiescent
and that's the thing is like the nature has a way and a healing way
and my healing way is better than Jeff's because it's not competitive.
Alright, you're healed up, put your shields back up Renee, put them up
against the assholes and the bureaucrats and the licensed serial killers
with support systems that call themselves doctors.
You have been cured purely by us.
Send us all your checks from now on.
Just make your checks payable too.
We are now tax exempt now.
Harmontown shield lowers.
Kidding about, there's good doctors, everyone's fine, I was just kidding,
I'm just being a petty asshole when I get sick, I'll love them.
They scare me right now.
Dan, would you take, because you seem very affected and I'm not joking about this,
like you, there's a guy, Jason here, Jason, right, likes the show,
came on the show because you know that his mother is sick
and you are clearly, it's not just impressed, almost envious of the relationship
that he has with his parents, as you probably, as we all ought to be
because it's great, would this ever make you more likely to call
your mother and father once in a while to create that thing?
Look, I'm not the problem in that relationship.
Dan, I'm going to do something right now, lower your force fields.
No.
Lower your force fields.
I'm going to send you a beam.
My force fields are amazing and...
No, I'm not, no, no.
My mother has my number.
She has my number.
She can call me whenever she wants.
But if she did, would you pick up the phone?
She doesn't.
And she says, except to like tweet me and say like,
but nice to hear from you once in a while, text me, you ape.
It's a cold family.
Yes, that did not go the way I thought it was going to go.
I thought we were going to have a real slam dunk moment there.
This is not...
This is...
Yes, so obviously there's no subtext here.
Yes, of course, I want Renee and Jason to be rewarded for doing it right.
Of course I do.
I want everybody that has...
This is my family.
I want everything that I do, every project I work on, everything,
you know, there's nothing unhealthy about that.
My therapist said so.
You don't have to love the people that you were born next to.
It's like that would be dumb logic, you know, Hitler's dad.
He was supposed to be super cool.
Yeah, you're right.
It was Hitler's son, whatever.
It doesn't matter, you know, whatever.
Who cares?
It's coincidence.
It's nice when people get along with their family.
Yeah.
I feel like you're wearing the oven mitt of detachment right now, Dan.
It works.
We got a guy dressed like a bag up here a little bit.
I know, it's nice.
Well, Jason...
It's kind of comforting to have a double bag on stage.
Can I ask about the...
Is dad in the picture?
Yeah, my dad's still in Montana.
Him and I get along great.
That didn't happen until like 25.
They're divorced, yeah, they're divorced.
I now approve of that a lot, just because I don't want to seem like a bad person.
I got divorced, so now I'm telling everyone to get divorced.
How's divorce too?
You were divorced?
Really?
How long are you married?
Just over eight months.
Wait, you just got divorced after eight months?
Doug Duffelbag for the most part.
You pussy, I went 11.
Again, you win.
Dr. High Road.
Jason, do you have siblings?
One brother and one half sister.
Are you young enough for me to ask how old you are?
38.
Okay, no, you're not.
You're an old, old geezer.
So, can we ask more questions about your life?
Yeah.
What are you career wise?
Advertising.
Like a writer?
Yeah.
What's, did you write anything?
You're like, yeah, you know, the idea that Snickers satisfies you?
I wrote that.
Das Mias, PN work last year for NFL Countdown.
Samsung spots, stuff like that.
How does that, what do you do?
The TV people.
Why don't you have your own podcast?
This is good stuff.
I wake up every morning going, asking the same question.
That was a toothbrush.
I don't have a podcast.
I wake up every morning.
I should have a podcast.
How do you guys know the Bootsons?
I worked with Dan at Radical for editing him.
Sounds like a cool place.
Nice.
Nice restraint on that one.
Doug, what do you do?
Yeah, so I do the freelance PA and acting gigs and then I do stand up.
How do you be a freelance PA?
What does that mean?
I just reach out to people who are having productions and then I'm like, you guys need any PAs?
Okay.
I mean, that is something that almost people do as well.
Guys wearing a bag.
It's not as stretch for them to have a box for a house.
Is the strategy that if you wander up to a hot set and they're understaffed enough that you can get onto it, they need you?
Because there's no, if anyone comes up to you and goes like,
hey, can I help you sir?
You're like, no, you can't because you're here.
If that doesn't happen, you just walk up to Penny Marshall's trailer, knock on the door.
And she goes, yes.
And you go like, I could have killed you.
Hire me as a PA and this won't happen again.
Usually through Facebook and mutual friends and stuff.
All right.
I wrote it.
I don't know, I was just amused by the concept.
You just stand up, you say?
Yeah?
Yeah.
What did you say?
Did you say where you're from already?
I moved up from San Diego a little over a year ago.
Good for you.
Ah.
Rob, you have follow-up San Diego questions?
No, no, I know where it is.
Your question would have been, where's San Diego?
Jason, what's the coolest thing your mom ever did?
Ah, the coolest thing.
Oh, man.
We can edit out the pause if it takes really long time for you to...
My mom bought me a typewriter when I was like, you know, nine.
What's a little typewriter?
Put your little ring on.
We need a baby typewriter.
I can't hear you right now because I'm like, nah, I don't have enough toxins in my body
to process the organs necessary to perceive you.
Little typewriter.
I don't even know what's next to me.
It's like a ghost.
Have the full alphabet?
Or is it like the mini Crayola only has like seven colors in it?
Yeah.
Like, just give them the vowels.
Just the primaries.
Yeah.
One kid is a goo and one's a gah.
You got anything, Jason?
Super, this is so cheesy and sweet to ridiculous play.
You mean podcast dynamite?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
When I was little, I had asthma.
I had a really bad attack.
I was hospitalized and I saw a little stuffed tiger on the way into the hospital.
And just like little kids do, was obsessed and had to have that or the world would end.
And she didn't have enough money to get it for me and then ended up like, you know, somehow the nurses knew
and like everyone kind of came together and she was able to get it for me.
So now that I say that out loud, it sounds like this is the nicest thing the nurses ever did.
I hadn't thought that went through all the way.
But you know behind every great nursing staff is probably a mom like going, come on, let's snap on this.
And they're going, what do you mean snap on this?
That's not an expression.
Well, the God is an unreliable narrator, he's drunk.
Ooh.
That's very sweet.
I like that a lot.
So when you got the tiger, did you freak out?
Are you very happy?
Yeah.
Super happy.
But did you know right away that she had gone through those links to get it for you or did you find out later?
Yeah, I found out later.
That's great.
Do you still have the tiger?
I did.
I put it in a box today.
That's awesome.
That's great.
So what did your mom tell you about when you, what are you going to be when you grow up?
Did she ever have a talk with you about when you're supposed to pick your career?
If you were going to be a bird or a bee.
Because I remember my mom saying you can be anything you want.
There's another cool thing.
You could be a bird or a bee.
So wait, is it this awesome lady that gave you all this support and the typewriter?
You still don't call this woman?
Why do you stick a fucking...
My force fields are down, you can stick it wherever you want right now.
Hey, have a little ice.
Boom!
Do you want a drink, Jason?
Yeah.
I'll have a drink.
See?
Do you want any ice in it?
You better get it.
You better say yes soon because he's taking it off.
Empathy.
I just practiced empathy.
And believe me, I really have to practice it.
You got a little bubble throat?
What was that?
You got a little burp?
Yeah, a little burp.
I believe you.
Smells like gum up here.
Do you have gum?
That's me.
You're like Walter Cronkite.
I have.
So good.
There was like an opening here.
I felt like there's my...
You're busting these scoops right open.
I hope that...
I have this image of my head of Jason going back home, see his mom, and she's like...
And he's like, did you hear the episode?
And she's like, yeah, that was great.
And he's like, yeah, I just thought...
I mean, I didn't have any choice.
Like, he called me up.
And then she's like, yeah, it's just like...
I like the podcast.
I don't understand why you had to be on the worst episode.
The worst episode ever.
With the worst combination of people, with just terrible people.
Now, Doug, you're really fucked up.
I guess I'll pack up and go home.
A guy dressed as a fucking bag.
I missed that.
What was that?
I guess I'll pack up and go home.
Ah, you motherfucker.
I can't say that to you.
Hey, Doug, zip it.
Here, Jason.
Here we go.
Thanks.
What are you going to have?
I'm going to have this.
It's a red cup.
Yeah, my chiropractor.
What's his name?
Well, I'm not going to say...
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Because of the lawsuit.
I will say this.
The malfeasance of the malpractice.
He goes by doctor and then his first name.
Like, he sounds like a children's show, period.
I came in a couple of weeks ago.
I've been going to this guy three days a week for six months.
Because I've been committed.
I've had a terrible back since I was 17.
Now I'm like, okay, before I go get back surgery,
which never works out for anybody,
I probably should have talked about this stuff
before hearing Renee's story.
Not exactly sounding like a hero right now.
I go in one day and he touches right above my right buttock.
And I don't really know what happened.
Show us on the doll.
Above the right buttock, the dolls are for kids
that don't have anatomical word power.
Above the right buttock.
Ooh la la.
My hatred of the two of you tonight.
Sorry, go on.
And Doug, you keep egging them on.
What?
They oozed like that was a bad pun.
They're like, I'll figure out how eggs are related to luggage later.
I have a fucking Android.
Now I hate all of you.
Listen to me.
I am pouring myself out to you.
I have a bad chiropractor.
Alright, so he's rubbing your butt.
He touches like this area above my butt.
The light's on or off.
That sounds to me like sciatic nerve area, right?
It definitely sounds sciatic.
Sounds like a sciatic issue.
Sounds like a right buttock.
Yeah, that's probably sciatic.
You gotta check that out, man.
Sciatic scope.
Crazy, man. That shit'll spread.
And he goes, ooh, and I'm like, wait, what?
And he goes, it's so responsive.
My butt.
Okay.
And he's like, are you having any trouble there recently?
I go, no, not at all.
Maybe it was just like, yeah, something going on there.
So then he's like, you know.
You opt in pain?
No, I didn't do anything.
I didn't feel anything.
I haven't had any problems since I started going to the guy.
I started going to him because I threw out my back as I do every four years.
And then at this time I'm like, okay, commitment to change in 42.
My back's not going to get better.
I'm going to go to one chiropractor.
I'm going to go to him and say, just fix my back, quack.
Yackety-ack.
Don't, don't, don't adjust back.
Like, I'm going to go to one guy and I'm going to listen to his spiel
and I'm going to commit to the thing.
Three days a week, eat your celery, whatever the fuck he wants.
So, so.
Eat a lot of celery.
Doing this. Don't get distracted by everything shiny.
I would have rhymed yackety-ack with saccharili-ack.
Why don't you guys, the two of you, it could be such a good podcast.
It was just me and Spencer and Dave the Devilbag.
Doug, Doug, Doug.
And Carlos the Jesus.
Carlos the, Carlos the Jesus.
Spaceship builder.
So when you say eating your celery,
do you mean to imply that you were doing all the things that the guy told you?
Spencer, are you on my shit now?
I'm just, you know.
You're being, you're being very defensive.
We're trying to, we're trying to help the story down the river.
Well, no, I'm being accusatory.
Okay.
Okay, so here's something that I didn't do that the guy told me to do.
Here we go.
I haven't been not sitting down for more than 30 minutes in a row.
This is, I think, the most important part.
Busted.
You know, you know, sitting's the new smoking.
Oh yeah.
Since obviously this story isn't, you know, I'm just going to get through it because
obviously it's not, no one's on my side and I'll just get through it.
Okay.
Because my job isn't to make people like me and it's not to bend the truth.
It's to express myself.
That's my job as an artist.
Okay.
So I'm just, so I'm just going to tell you what happened and I'm not, I'm not, I don't
care.
I don't care if you like it.
One of the things that you're not supposed to sit for more than 30 minutes at a go ever.
Which is insane.
It's also a great guide.
What if you're driving to San Diego?
You should stand up every 30 minutes.
It's, it's, it's not, it's very simple.
Give me a fucking break.
We invented sitting.
It's come on.
We invented smoking.
Which is the old sitting.
I think there's a Scandinavian poet as a blessed as he who sits down.
Okay.
I want to hear the rest of the story.
You're walking down the street and when the guy comes out and he goes, hey, what story
are you listening to?
Dan comes back from the car pack.
The sun is gone.
Hey, come on.
Come on.
Let's go.
I had my butt for a long time and I got, when I got up, I knew it was like, man, he really
got in there.
He really did some shit.
And I was like, must be, must be for the greater good.
Go, I go.
Was he smelling his finger?
I go.
See?
Good.
I'm glad.
It's only a matter of time.
Turn, yeah.
Turn on him.
I know.
It is only a matter of time.
He's a, he's a national treasure.
You know what?
Hey, this guy loves Gamergate.
It's not true.
I literally do not know what that means at all.
I have no idea what that means.
This guy's got a Gamergate tattoo on his fist.
I don't know what that means.
It's like, so I can punch people that give bad journalism ethics.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's what they, all right.
Here we go.
This guy's a bald one.
He's not even related to the real bald ones.
Here we go.
All right.
I was thinking about a bald one.
Here we go.
Like, oh man, my butt's weird.
I walk around.
Butt starts hurting like, like day one.
Butt hurts a little bit.
Renee, are you still with us?
Are you listening?
Okay.
But day two.
Butt hurts a little bit more.
Day three.
Butt hurts.
Renee's like, yeah, this is great.
I'm pressing like the morphine button.
I don't, like you're the worst storyteller and your story is not compelling.
I go, so the time goes on and I'm like in debilitating pain.
Like I can't walk.
I'm like limping.
So I limp into the chiropractors office the next week and I go, like, and I'm limping.
And I'm like, I've made up my mind.
I just want to hear what this guy has to say.
I'm not going to, I'm not doing shit.
I'm not going to go with an agenda.
I'm just going to limp in and I'm going to answer questions honestly and I'm going to
wait for him to like self-destruct.
Good plan.
So I limp in and he goes, oh, hey, oh.
What's, what happened?
And I go, I don't know.
And I limp over to the table and I take out my pocket sundries and I put them on this
little OCD table.
And I put my face in his fucking rented fucking Frankenstein platform and he lowers me down
and it's like, what's going on, what happened?
And it's like, I don't know.
I'm in an excruciating amount of totally new, completely unever felt before pain.
Like I've had lots of back pain, but this is a new type of pain and it's in that area
you kept focusing on.
And I just, I got my face down to the thing and he goes like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's why I focused on it and I knew this would happen.
And I said, somebody hissed.
Because someone took a logic course and is offended by this man having, but also loves
old timey pantomime.
And I was like, I was like, you knew it was going to happen.
And he's like, yeah, remember when I was like, oh, this area is special.
Yeah, I remember that, but it wasn't giving me a problem before and then you focused on
it and he's like, yeah, I was focusing on it because I knew any day now this is going
to go kablooey.
And I got my face down and I said, that's one interpretation of the data.
What do you mean?
Well, another way of looking at it would be you caused it.
Silence.
What?
No.
What are you talking?
And he just like flew into this flurry of defenses that made me, I'm going to go back
and see him on Tuesday, but like this guy's on thin ice.
He said, he was like, he just, I said, I'm not going to say another word.
I didn't say that.
I wasn't going to say another word.
I didn't say another word.
I let him say everything.
And then the next, during the next 15 minutes while he like adjusted me and didn't help
at all, he just like, he was just babbling like all these defenses and his two main
planks of argument were at one point he said, I mean, you know, this little, this gun I
use, like, like, does it even seem to you like it can do that much?
He's got a gun.
It's a little spring loaded gun.
Don't get distracted by that.
It's spring loaded.
Is it like a little jackhammer?
It's like a little, that's why I liked it.
I was like, okay, this is different.
Because I never understood why you get a bad back and like, you go and Jeff, don't start
about your chiropractor.
I will fucking like, like, like Jeff, I have a really good chiropractor.
Like every, everybody that doesn't have a bad back has a really good chiropractor because
chiropractors like, like, lay you on a table and crack your back like a knuckle and it
feels good.
You know why?
Because fluid is going back into compressed discs of muscle tissue between your vertebrae
and it's like, oh yeah, it feels good to crack your knuckles too.
It doesn't help anything, especially when they crack it both ways.
Like you're not aligning anything, you're not doing anything.
Like, like, like, and so I was like happy that the guy had a little fucking Willy Wonka
gun because I was like, actually, this is where I always thought in my head like, well,
if you're going to do something, why don't you just take like a little hammer and chisel
and like, like, bang the vertebrae around.
Well, he fucking banged me around.
And so this was his other argument.
He goes, he goes, you've been seeing me for six months.
What about all the other times you came in here and you weren't limping?
Good night, folks.
Yeah, like logic, logic, not a big thing at the, you know, Dr. Carl's chiropractic pavilion.
Dr. Carl's.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, don't get offended, chiropractors.
You're not real doctors.
Kid, like that's so, I mean, I don't know.
I'm just imagining like a cold reading like psychic and if he's going down
and he's telling you all this stuff about your life and then he's just like,
and your mom, her name is Melvin, right?
And you're like, no.
And he's like, but I was right about all that other stuff.
It's like, you're still, you're, you're, you're doing magic tricks.
Yeah, I told you the thing and he kept, every time he would feel my neck after a while,
he started going like, you mentioned you smoke pot.
Did you smoke pot Wednesday?
Oh no.
And I go like, yeah, I guess so.
And he's like, yeah, I can tell.
You can tell.
Yeah, your next boggy.
My next boggy.
And he's like, yeah.
So I did that.
Boggy is not even one of those things.
Yeah, no, that's what I said.
Boggy is not a word people use.
So, so I did that three times with him where I answered him honestly.
Right.
And then, but here's the thing, like, and I don't like being, I don't like lying to people,
but the thing is when I start to suspect that you're so fucked up or dishonest that like
you, it's like, I'm dead.
So it was a, because it would just, no matter what my answer was, because I would go, no,
I didn't smoke pot yesterday.
I smoked pot two days ago.
And he's like, yeah, sometimes it takes 48 hours.
And so I was like, why aren't you trying to sell me on the idea that you can read pot
and use by neck feeling?
That's not even on the list of requirements for you to do your job.
Why are chiropractors always, like there's always, it's always different and it's always
this extra thing.
They always have to go like, oh yes, of course you lay on the table and I'll crack your back.
But did you know that spines started Christmas?
And you're always like, what?
Like it's always like, I know I have these salt crystals for sale or this candle of the
Virgin Mary.
And you're like, you too?
Isn't there a fucking legitimate person among you?
No, there's not.
So we always lay a bunch of shit around it, like some weird overzealous shrine that protests
too much.
And so this guy's whole shtick is like, oh, the chemical abuse and the emotional abuse.
Like, oh yeah, yeah.
We go, okay, so I'm supposed to stand here and argue with you that I'm a great person,
psychologically, emotionally, and chemically, in order to prove that you're not a doctor?
So I have to like lead a monastic life and become perfect.
And then I can finally bust you.
Maybe that's the treatment.
Yeah.
You're talking about it.
I'd rather, you know, I'm fine, I'm fine with my bad back.
I just, I just, I don't like this guy.
Don't go.
It sounds like you just shop around a little bit.
You don't have to go, man.
I've shopped around for years.
Don't go back.
I'm going to go back one more time.
I just want to, I just want to tell him.
Don't go back to the chiropractor.
That was the joke he was making.
It was bad.
Okay, well, you know, I did it again.
You know, I've been on edge lately.
You know, I've been a bad person.
What did you do?
I got a divorce.
That's not bad.
That doesn't make you bad.
It's made me, I'm on, I'm not a good person lately.
I'm seeing injustice and dishonesty where there isn't any.
Example.
I'm seeing a lot of it where there is some, but like where you wouldn't normally call it out.
I want to read you a, I want to read you.
Here we go.
I want to read you a text message.
Passage from the Bible.
John 316.
There is a guy who installed our aquarium.
Every, every, every week.
Golan?
That's right.
Yes.
Well, I mean, let's respect his privacy.
I'm sure there's a million Golan's in the aquarium business.
Yeah.
Also, as his name implies, don't fuck with him or he will melt you with a death ray.
Golan detects intruders.
Kneel before Golan.
Golan resume starter fish protocol.
Golan has selected live coral.
Your aquarium guy texts you.
Yeah. And every week he texts basically the same thing.
Hey, what's up?
I don't know.
I'm sitting around hanging out.
No.
No, he doesn't do that.
No, but that would be hilarious.
Okay.
I can keep going.
I want to see that scene play out.
The two of you are going to miss me when I'm gone.
Like I'm going to jump off a fucking Spalding Gray.
No, no.
Don't.
No, don't.
Yeah.
His back hurt.
No.
Come on.
Yeah.
And his friends didn't support him.
And then one winter night.
No.
Come on.
All right.
Being overdramatic.
Yeah.
Being weird, man.
Come on.
I was trying to be funny.
But then I remembered that you castaway think I'm going to kill myself.
Yeah.
Which is hilarious.
To me.
I don't think you could kill yourself.
I think you just could fucking die, man.
Murder.
I always had you packed for just a random bullet coming like flying like just through a car.
You're going to have one of those random gunshot things that happen.
Like you're going to, ah shit, I dropped the remote.
That was a little time to get up.
I dropped the remote and ducked into the path of it.
Yeah.
If you hadn't dropped the remote, you would have died.
If I had sat in my White House Oval Office chair.
But the ironic thing is I was sitting right there.
ISIS was aiming for the Roomba.
And they get that remote.
Ah fuck.
I'm dead now.
Ah shit.
So every week he texts.
And then your ghost is like ah shit fuck.
Every week he texts we will be there to service the aquarium tomorrow arrival 11 to 1.
And then sometimes we go thanks or sometimes we ignore it.
It doesn't matter.
They come.
They service the aquarium once a week.
Serve it.
So then.
God damn it.
So this is on the heels.
I'm just explaining like my therapist told me.
She's like you're going to notice that you're having like these.
Like aquarium issues.
You're not going to be in control of your judgment about dishonesty and outrage and
things like that.
And she told me this after I did this.
And I was like okay that makes sense.
But I still haven't apologized to this guy.
He says like last week he goes we will be there to service the aquarium tomorrow arrival
11 to 1.
Erin texts thank you.
And then he goes please help me.
Smile face LOL.
And then and then and then I think and then and then the next text it goes Yelp.
He's correcting himself and then the next thing is not help haha.
So then I said it's notable that when you wanted us to Yelp you an impersonal corporate
need.
You added a smiling emoticon and an abbreviation for laughing out loud.
But when you saw you had accidentally expressed a human plea for help.
Geez Louise.
Creating a personal human need for clarification.
You typed haha which was unmistakably sincere.
It's like humanity has never lost its capacity for clarity yet actively seeks the fog of
ambiguity.
And technology is only the latest excuse.
And then the next message is from him a week later going.
We will be there to service the aquarium tomorrow.
I don't think you should apologize.
Well I don't feel any remorse so the apology wouldn't work.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't think I should have done it.
That's regret.
I think he looked at it and went what the fuck.
Yeah.
It's like I'm going.
I'm going on.
I don't need this shit.
He probably thought you were talking to Erin or something.
He probably went this.
Yeah.
Exactly.
If that shit worked a community would have had higher ratings.
So if he's like washing the tank and you're like sitting there.
Sorry.
No.
I'm not.
I don't know.
No.
He should be ashamed of himself if he feels anything.
I know.
I agree.
But he doesn't.
I'm telling you.
You don't apologize.
You're going to.
It's going to be.
Oh my God.
Please help me.
It's fine.
No.
It's shameful.
A society.
It's a good bit.
I was noticing a seam in the cracks but it was like I don't need to.
I don't need to.
I don't have time.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
No.
You don't need to.
You don't need to text the aquarium guy that stuff.
He's fine.
You came down a little hard on him.
I think.
I just think.
You know.
I think you were procrastinating from doing something else.
Yeah.
I was writing like one of nine books or movies.
I could either write something or I could let this guy have it.
I could do 300 words on this poor fucking guy.
Yeah.
Here's an audience no matter how bad a writer I am.
I'm a genius.
Hey aquarium guy.
Oh my life is in the sear in yellow leaf.
Holy cow.
You're like Shakespeare.
Thank you.
The fish tank is in the corner.
I know.
I put it there.
She saw the text and then read it and then.
Just realized that he didn't need to text back.
Yeah.
Probably one of those clarity.
Probably one of those.
He probably didn't show it to all of his friends and go look at this fucking shit.
He's probably not talking about that right now at a bar.
Yeah.
Well I'd like to think that when he looked at it he was like I don't know what any of
this is but I guess I guess I should just always just I guess I should only use this
phone number to say I'm coming to service the aquarium.
I think I think maybe I maybe I guess I stepped over a little bit of a tripwire when I started
using it to engage in my fucking off market branding like like what the fuck you fuck
you man I already gave you money.
I used your aquarium.
No you're a hero.
You're definitely.
You're definitely the Batman in this situation here.
You're totally to the John McClain of this guy.
Thank God.
Thank God you're out there.
Thank God you're out there protecting us.
Holy shit.
Oh my god.
Well like yeah it's a delusion.
It's a I'm not in my right mind.
Nope.
Like it's what it's what you know what I'm used to is you can't control your you're either
in control or not in control of your impulses but your thoughts are pure like I'm not even
thinking like right like I'm not even like someone will come into the room and go what
time is it and I'll think they're saying you're working too slowly you know and I'll like
treat them.
What is it are you feeling like a mixture of things like is it anger is it I'm just
like it's it's like it's a heightened it's like every everyone's lying everyone's a liar
I'm like holding Caulfield I'm like I'm like everyone's everyone's saying what they mean
you're holding Caulfield Jesus Christ I want to fucking kill you and all of you're holding
Caulfield everybody's a liar if I have if people I could put this Caulfield down if
people would start telling the truth.
He's only back on the show because you guys liked him that's me that's me being a good
person you see what it does to me you see how much it hurts me no no no the guy from
Silicon Valley said I can't show up tonight I'm talking about Camille hey Doug Doug when
you got divorced did you go through any that this ring true for you did you go through
you have any aquarium problems no no aquarium problems were you lashing out of people and
stuff no no the marriage was so bad that when the divorce happened it was like this is very
positive for everyone involved I mean that's it wasn't like everybody like it was but like
you mean you guys like chemically things didn't work was it just like a hastily like I don't
want to die alone let's get married and then holy shit that and then like pressure from
parents and like church growing up and some but this time I know for the next time always
fall in love with a person like really decide you want to spend your life with them I knew
I forgot something god damn it diamond lanes they don't even work anymore it's not a reason
to get married kids you could do the carpool what will you gentlemen stay up here and role
play with us yeah absolutely shadow run what do you think you don't like that I know I
don't mind it I say oh shit in response to all sorts of things I think that Doug should
play a bag of holding equips do I get to oh yeah you can you can crack wise as a sack
of all your sack cracks that's your segment whenever you say it we're gonna put it for
the subscribers we're gonna write sack crack sack cracks you okay playing this game just
rob me yeah this guy hates games I hate him don't like him nobody nobody likes him really
yeah that's why they call them games everyone hates them no you know people people don't
like him right what's your least favorite game Rob like if it's that you're departing
people so let's play something I bet you hate Pictionary oh god I fucking hate Pictionary
holy shit I fucking hate Pictionary you think you'd love it cuz you're a good artist you
can draw like yeah but there's always like you know Rob's on my team Rob's on my team
and then I got I didn't even say I was playing oh you're playing oh you're playing you fucking
have to play and I'm like no I don't I don't have to do anything it's America and I can
do whatever I want and if I want to sit here in the corner I can totally do it I don't
even have to look at you and and I go no just you're fucking on my team you're doing it
and then and then it's like it's fucking hate I hate that game yeah I hate him I hate anything
with cards cards suck you're a control freak no I don't like games what a control freak
why games are things where other people are in charge of whether you're doing well or
doing bad I don't like any control freaks that love games too much like control freaks
yeah what about him yeah the people that have to run the game or no I am a self-confessed
control freak I'm just saying like Rob is like undiagnosed and won't admit it I think
if he could just realize it's like a guy that's good at drawing should look forward to
Pictionary no Rob doesn't look forward to Pictionary it says nothing to do with him
being able to draw it's like he doesn't like here's another thing Rob doesn't like the
happy birthday song I fucking hate that I hate it because it's compulsory nobody nobody
likes the happy birthday song nobody likes to sing it but nobody like to hear it right
because you have no choice because the cake comes out if you don't say happy birthday
you're a dick and if you don't smile until this song's over with your fucking asshole
nobody likes doing it no he has ever liked doing it and there's always some fucking
dick at the end that has to harmonize and I get the fuck out of here man I didn't live
this long to hear your shit on my day on my day yeah I hate you don't like the happy birthday
song no matter whose birthday it is no you don't like having to do anything that other
people have to do yeah does anybody I can relate to it but you have to do this no nobody
goes nobody wants I'd love that yeah you're like I hate the happy birthday song because
you have no choice you have to do it right but you have to do it there's a million things
you have to do that you some of some of you do some of you don't write you're like focused
on the happy birthday song and Pictionary put the blinker on I know I have I have a pitch
that I've tried to get this like a groundswell of support for this that this becomes the
new but happy birthday song so because I don't have a birthday song is not a great song
it's not a great song it's a stupid song like a second and most of most national anthems
are stinkers yeah there's this thing yeah like like South America's got some really
cool ones they sound like crazy like circus marches yeah yeah yeah you know how you guys
sound let's make let's make some let's make some improvements to Christmas hey what's
a tree doing in the living room it can't grow here we should put it back outside where
there's dirt what are you left with THX 1138 you guys have no you have no culture you have
no tradition who cares if the song's good or bad it's a goddamn tradition yeah but I'm
saying here's my fix on it's a pitch I think this should be a thing you still keep it it's
still the same thing not a fan when that when that when the cake comes you go happy birthday
to you and that's the end of it why do you have to fucking sing I'm scared of you should
be scared well they are but they don't they don't believe in them so you say you're an
abusive person wow man you're edgy you know I like you when you're this on edge because
you're you're you're a TNT right now you're you're you're fucking like nitro blisterin
what's that movie like wages of fear where Eve Montana's to drive a truck full of a high
explosive try to own my own ability I'm owning you right now you know you don't I'm bigger
than your butterfly nut I'm a butterfly the size of the fucking mothra you know the smartest
person's room is the person that clapped when I said wages of fear even on 10th smartest
person in the building that's convenient the smartest guy is always the guy that might
have been a woman might have been a woman might have been Dave might have been Dave
Klein we don't know yep Dave Kline are you here pretty solid pretty solid indeed
thank you very much got some good extras pretty sweet extras yeah that'll be lost on a lot
of people they had Dave Kline just did like a yeah I don't know Dave Kline who's famous
for being a a bellicose Viking sounded like the comic book he likes his he likes his
French film I mean a happy birthday I think it's good it's your birthday why do you
have to do anything oh shit we gotta beat boxing why do you have to do anything okay
Rob so why can't you come why can't you just eat the cake right cake is I know why do we
have why do we have windows like like if you want to if you want to see outside why don't
you dig a hole through your wall why do why do we why do we use forks why don't you just
grab food and stick it in your ear why do we have why do we have teeth why did we grow
teeth they fall out like why don't you just take the teeth put them in a box and then
like put food in your eyes why don't why why do we have an alphabet why why why can't
we can't we just point at things that we mean and go like like why why why why are we wearing
clothes why aren't why aren't my big giant weird balls hanging out making my dick look
small which is an illusion it's like a bus parked next to the Epcot Center buses are
big if you if you didn't have a podcast and weren't weren't kind of a celebrity you just
said this in the corner you'd be fucking locked away for good here's a tangent you're
one microphone and a couple of cameras away from being a crazy person here's a here's
a tangent surely not no no no you said Epcot Center and I was thinking about this the other
day and I forgot to I forgot to go look on Wikipedia does anybody know what the EO and
Captain EO stands for I mean anybody new day ND Captain ND EO Eon but they ran out
of end what endocrine omission that's probably that's I think that's what happened to Michael
Jackson right so that was a Hail Mary you okay then now you're not okay I already said I
wasn't your body language now is you're going into hugging yourself mode you're somebody
has to I you know I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't care about any of you so not
true I mean I wish you all the best but like I don't need you to love me and I because
I can tend my own garden I can I can I can I can I can meet my own emotional needs what
if we loved you anyway without your consent it would go into a trough outside my moat
which is guarded by laser turrets for a good reason and you can leave it there as an offering
and maybe one day I'll come out and go oh thank you symbolically but this place is solar
powered it runs a soy saying thank you is like saying happy birthday to me is me saying
yes on a micro level I'm like I'm an even worse person than you because I like when
people like fish for an apology or gratitude like I do like I get thrown I can sing happy
birthday but I like if I'm in a situation where I feel like I like oh this person's
expressing what they've been offended my first thought is not oh by default like you know
whether I mean it or not I'm sorry like my first thought is like fuck you phony your
feelings weren't hurt you piece of shit you fucking lying piece of shit you're trying
to hurt me with your fucking fake feeling her this is exactly how I feel about the happy
birthday song word for word it's let's just you know it's it's a big enough world for
both of us I never said I was saying and you're crazy I was saying like Keeper Sutherland's
character in Lost Boys saying to the other guy how's there maggots just be a vampire
with us and fly around okay I'll do it just take that old record off the shelf I don't
know if that was in the soundtrack I'd watch that I'd watch that movie all right six minutes
why are there there well what Rob just successfully filibustered his way out of us playing those
games what was this about Captain EO you really just dropped that like a captain was supposed
to stand for a new day why everybody just take one do we know why I just read it was
named after EOS the goddess of the new dawn so something like that why why do you ask though
that's what I want to know Rob Schrab Rob Schrab we've spoken about this before why
did you ask that question I need to know because I because Dan said Epcot center and I remembered
like about a week ago I was going I wonder what Captain EY what EO stands for and then
I should look it up on Wikipedia and I was driving don't you shouldn't do that while
you're driving oh my time I got home I forgot until now I always would recommend that's my
thought process yeah it was really disappointing I'm sorry I asked I always get Aaron how come
every time I'm on the show I get you can Aaron match these trade with Doug or Jason yeah
he'll do anything he wore a bag oh shit all my secrets fell out my phone oh my god for
a what was it what would you estimate it six months of our friendship early on when every
time I took a bite of anything in front of you you made a fart sound for entire meals
and I was just like you get so mad I mean if you if you only knew that you getting mad
maybe wanted to oh yeah I never figured that out that it was obvious yeah yeah yeah well
that's you never you never tried it once never tried it once never tried it once never tried
to enjoy yourself and my company once once I'm gonna be on a respirator cuz I'm ten years
older than you are and and you won't be there so it's all right so it's all right you'll
have sit to do you know you gotta that'd be funny though if he came in and like he hadn't
talked for a long time and so you guys kind of went through different ways for a the respirator
thing is going up and down every time it went down he went if you do that I'll live an extra
day how about that all right you do that deal I'll one more day one more day I'll go all
right no the last six months because that's that's my estimate it was like it was just
like yeah so anyways I and then I like take a bite it's like like I've said yes he ended
this it's like an entire burger like what we're gonna every time with the fart every
time they take a bite it was never not funny it was always funny also Kate hates it too
Kate hates it also I love we started hanging out the three of us we would go to movies
and every anytime it was kind of a sexual innuendo it was zip so you you had a really
great one that made the whole theater laugh one time I forget what it was you remember
what it was no Dan Dan had it for the matrix like what was it like after Neo had was working
out all the like he's like doing it and then he came back and he was like oh dude I'm so
tired he was asleep and then this guy comes out you better get rested up because you're
gonna get it even more tomorrow or something like that and Dan went zip and the guy in
front of us with this guy's really funny I knew he said in the right place I told the
story before that when we went to see when we were in Milwaukee we went to see Mortal
Combat the movie and the guy goes because the evil villain has a wallet dinner and then
he goes and now it's like me and Schrab the 3 p.m. matinee so it's two dudes million kids
just kids all their parents dropped him off to see the Mortal Combat movie and two fucking
loser like like like nowadays it would be against the law like they would be like guys we don't
just to be safe get out of here we got a special and we would be like yeah you probably you're
probably I mean better safe than sorry you're right I don't even want to get out I don't
even want anything to be awakened and there's a lot of kids here so some of them like look
it's it's it's it's summer they got the overalls they're adorable get to the story get to the
story it's not funny now because the chair chair is still funny but why are they leaking
those audio it's fucking what is that okay so the Mortal Combat guy goes and now a taste
of things to come Schrab does that and a fucking sea of children they were like I was and I
in 2001 when they're all like like fast forward through all of them being scared of the monolith
and like that and then the one the monkey kills the other monkey with the bone and it was
just like like because they didn't know you could do that it's like now a taste of things
to come and the whole theater was like what you could make your own movie about farts and
it's got fucking my favorite video game and farting in it and like like it's oh and for
the rest it was our win stock and I'm not and I'm not complaining about this at all
because it's not like the movie was good but it was like yeah the rest of the movie of
course as you could imagine every single line of dialogue I was just like do you want to
like like 4,000 children all trying their hand at this new technology ape must not kill
ape but they all got the AK-47 and they're just like shooting it everywhere the best
day of their lives we were the cool we were we were we had unfinished business from when
we were that age we walked out of there pretty cool man I was I walked out in slow motion
to put our sunglasses on hi-fiving like that Adam Sandler movie like when he tried out
at home when your folks are watching TV they all went home and made crude sculptures out
of you guys in the backyard and I feel kind of like for some reason because I remember
we went to see land before time to and I feel only reason is because we wanted to repeat
our success and a dinosaur was like how can I reach that tree nothing crickets I've only
tried that out like trying to crack wise for the whole crowd it was a hard target directed
by John Woo and it's like John Claude Van Damme and Wolfram Brimley and Lance Henrickson
directed by John Woo I just really from the back row really quite went whoo got a pretty
good laugh yeah not as funny as a fart no no not even close we I think Rob I recall
I don't remember what it would be but we went and saw the triplets of Belleville remember
the animated movie I think so yeah and you you laid one no you did a you did a zip and
triplets of Belleville I think you did where would I do it I don't know I don't know triplets
of Belleville I think yeah but you just kind of have a head of your crowd but you you did
a you did a poopy joke and it still works okay I believe you Dave Kline you like triplets
of Belleville we don't get time with this shit the show's over yeah Renee Pollock is
like are they gonna talk about me again because I this is really this is a terrible episode
that's one of my favorite episodes of all time huh that's day of my life thank you Doug
the duffel bag I need to hear it from Jason just say it's say it's a good episode it's
a great episode seems fake now all right let's play let's just play a little quickie shadow
right all right Spencer where are we you're in the bar okay are we are we talking to what
what you're just in the bar are we we're in between missions right now right we're freelancers
right now yeah yeah anything we want all right I I get up on the bar and I go across the
bar and I just I give a wink to the bartender I say I'll take it from here and I just start
pouring everybody shots of the box all right okay that works he's okay with that yeah man
all right cool I go into the bathroom no not even close because that's what happens in
there okay I look in the mirror and just like that was funny okay I'll let everybody else
I'm sure that takes a turn so I'll let everybody else you look in the mirror and you say what
do you have a little little monologue we're not in combat man all right well I look in
the mirror and I'm like I'm staring at myself and I'm like not blinking until my eyes dry
out so that my face like looks the way it really is in my unconscious mind which is more
reptilian than human I like fantasizing about tearing the reptile skin off and finding something
real underneath it and I and I just I'm just angry and sad and I are the facilities like
like do they still have those like motion detecting faucets have they perfected those
in the future no they scrapped that whole idea it's back to just like turning faucets
yeah especially out in the barrens yeah all right then I splash some water on my face
and then I rest my forehead on the mirror and I'm just like you gotta get your shit together
James Nightblade gotta get your shit together hey how you doing gotta use some soap man
we've had a lot of adventures together it's crazy man it's crazy crazy this dark future
man I've seen so many bad things man that's probably nothing compared to all the stuff
you've seen you know I'm gonna try a little bit more soap here hands are so dirty gotta
get under the fingernails man that's where all the diseases live you know that's what
I heard at least and we should get out of here we should just like get in a vehicle
and just go just go someplace just pick a direction and cut try to chase the sun why
we should why don't we keep saying we're gonna do that we never do it no which which character
who is this I want to open up that I hope he's nowhere that we've ever met your character
what does it say I want to open up that homemade paper business and then you've always you
always want to go back to your go back to your like you know I've never really talked
to you before man I don't even know anything about you so different tonight maybe it's
all the shots I've been drinking from you know they're giving them away and they better
get something because they're going fast you know but man you know I mean like come on
you know I mean you're still young I'm still young why why are we fighting all the time
just go chase the sun chase the moon follow the earth the equator you know this goes someplace
we've never been before why don't we why don't we ever do that we always said we would oh
oh I'm sorry what there's a map on the other side of this so you can't say that you can't
do that I'm so sorry Renee Renee we will send you a better a better episode next week it
will impossible it will you guys don't leave we'll just record the episode again let's
hear it for Renee and Jason everybody get well Renee all of our love is shooting out
and magnificent beams toward you let's have a different Dr. Duffel back Rob Schrupp Spets
Crittenden I'm Jeff Davis your mayor is Dan Harmon everybody Zach got audio back there
Justin Marshall our producer Kris Boruff the director a whole slew of millennial children
some of them just like 11 just marching around with blood on their face like the dolls and
Barbara Bella see you next week did you get any of that it's a good show